Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/development/wazuh-logtest.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.
.. meta::

>   :description: The Wazuh-Logtest solution is distributed by different components of the Wazuh environment. Learn more about it in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Wazuh-Logtest allows the testing and verification of rules and decoders. Learn more about it in this section.
```
